c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\WebApiNoSQL.dll.config
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\WebApiNoSQL.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\WebApiNoSQL.pdb
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\obj\Debug\WebApiNoSQL.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\obj\Debug\WebApiNoSQL.pdb
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\obj\Debug\WebApiNoSQL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\WebApiNoSQL.DAL.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\WebApiNoSQL.DAL.pdb
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.OData.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\System.Web.OData.xml
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dmytro-i.savchenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiNoSQL\WebApiNoSQL\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
